tutorial section refactor (#303)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/tutorials.rst

Tutorials
=========

PennyLane basics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These step-by-step tutorials provide a gentle introduction to the basics of PennyLane. In the last two examples, we put together everything we learn from the basic tutorials and consider PennyLane's version of the "Hello world!" example - qubit rotation and qumode displacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These step-by-step tutorials provide a gentle introduction to the basics of PennyLane. In the last two examples, we put everything together and consider PennyLane's version of the "Hello world!" example - qubit rotation and the Gaussian transformation of qumode displacement.
```

Just to shorten and to link the text to the title of the tutorial.

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Use quantum machine learning to tune a beamsplitter.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/gaussiancircuit.png
    :description: :ref:`gaussian_transformation`

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Classical interfaces
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The following tutorials take an in-depth look at one and the same Ising model tutorial, implemented across different interfaces offered by PennyLane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tutorials demonstrate how to optimise the energy of a simple Ising model using different interfaces offered by PennyLane. 
```
I was very confused as to where the Ising model tutorial was mentioned before. Ok to change?

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 2

    tutorials/pennylane_isingmodel_NumPy 
    tutorials/pennylane_isingmodel_TF
    tutorials/pennylane_isingmodel_PyTorch

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Ising model example with PennyLane NumPy interface.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/pennylane_xanadu.png
    :description: :ref:`isingmodel_NumPy`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Ising model example with PennyLane TensorFlow interface.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/tensorflow.png
    :description: :ref:`isingmodel_TF`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Ising model example with PennyLane PyTorch interface.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/pytorch.png
    :description: :ref:`isingmodel_PyTorch`

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Plugins and hybrid computation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The most powerful design feature of PennyLane is that it allows the user to run hybrid computations on a variety of different simulators and real quantum hardware. The following tutorials introduce the notion of hybrid computation by combining several PennyLane plugins.

Reviewer: Are they really? The "pytorch_noise" tutorial integrates the forest plugin with the pytorch interface, and the "state_prep" one also uses forest only. 

I propose to change the summary a bit, so people don't get confused...

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 1

    tutorials/pennylane_plugins_hybrid
    tutorials/pennylane_pytorch_noise

>     tutorials/pennylane_run_state_preparation

Reviewer: I'm getting a 

TypeError: Can't instantiate abstract class QVMDevice with abstract methods observables

when building the docs. The error shows in the tutorial after the line "dev = qml.device("forest.qvm", device="3q-pyqvm", shots=1000)"

Author: @mariaschuld did this issue workout?

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Ready-to-use templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PennyLane provides a growing library of ready-to-use templates of common quantum machine learning circuit architectures and embedding functions. These can be used to easily embed classical data and build (and train) complex quantum machine learning models. They are provided as functions that can be called inside QNodes; for details see :mod:`pennylane.templates`. In the tutorials below, we will go through a couple of examples that use these templates in detail.

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 2

    tutorials/pennylane_run_templates_DV
    tutorials/pennylane_templates_CV

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Make a strongly entangling circuit in a single line of code.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/slsec_example.png
    :description: :ref:`templates_DV`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Make a Quantum Neural Network in a single line of code.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/cvqnn_example.png
    :description: :ref:`templates_CV`

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Quantum machine learning algorithms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> PennyLane is desgined to do machine learning with quantum computers. These examples show PennyLane's implementation of some of the well-known algorithms from the recent research in quantum machine learning. This is, however, just to showcase how quantum machine learning with PennyLane *could* look like. In principle *any* technique where a quantum circuit is optimized and potentially run on a real device can be implemented in PennyLane.  

Reviewer: Just so we don't limit ourselves. Maybe in future optimisation without ML will become more important.

```suggestion
One goal of PennyLane is to enable machine learning with quantum computers. These examples show PennyLane's implementation of some of the well-known algorithms from the recent research in quantum machine learning. This is, however, just to showcase how quantum machine learning with PennyLane *could* look like. In principle *any* technique where a quantum circuit is optimized and potentially run on a real device can be implemented in PennyLane.  
```

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Ready-to-use templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PennyLane provides a growing library of ready-to-use templates of common quantum machine learning circuit architectures and embedding functions. These can be used to easily embed classical data and build (and train) complex quantum machine learning models. They are provided as functions that can be called inside QNodes; for details see :mod:`pennylane.templates`. In the tutorials below, we will go through a couple of examples that use these templates in detail.

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 2

    tutorials/pennylane_run_templates_DV
    tutorials/pennylane_templates_CV

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Make a strongly entangling circuit in a single line of code.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/slsec_example.png
    :description: :ref:`templates_DV`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Make a Quantum Neural Network in a single line of code.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/cvqnn_example.png
    :description: :ref:`templates_CV`

> :html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Author: hm this does not sound bad. I will go for this approach in the new PRs :)
